Fix Swarm broadcasting (#218)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

 -  `Swarm` class now does not implement `IEquatable<Swarm>` anymore and
    its `Equals(object)` method and `GetHashCode()` method became to have
    default behavior of `object` class.  [[#216]]
 -  Also, `Swarm` class now does not implement `IDisposable` too. Thus
    `Swarm.Dispose()` was removed too. [[#218]]
 -  `Swarm` became to use a queue to maintain internal messages.  [[#218]]
     -  The broadcasting methods are no more `async`, so they are renamed
        as below.
        -  `Swarm.BroadcastBlocksAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastBlocks()`
        -  `Swarm.BroadcastTxsAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastTxs()`
     -  `Swarm` constructor became to receive a `linger` (or `millisecondsLinger`)
        parameter.  This purposes to determine how long to wait for pending messages

>         when a `Swarm` instance is requested to terminate.

Reviewer: This one seems still backward compatible as it has a default value.

 -  `Swarm` class now does not implement `IEquatable<Swarm>` anymore and
    its `Equals(object)` method and `GetHashCode()` method became to have
    default behavior of `object` class.

>  -  also, `Swarm` class now does not implement `IDisposable` too. thus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 -  Also, `Swarm` class now does not implement `IDisposable` too. Thus
```

    `Swarm.Dispose()` was removed too. [[#218]]

>  -  `Swarm` became to use queue to broadcast own message. [[#218]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 -  `Swarm` became to use a queue to broadcast own message. [[#218]]
```

>  -  `Swarm` became to use a queue to broadcast own message. [[#218]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  `Swarm` became to use a queue to maintain internal messages.  [[#218]]
```

>      - The methods that broadcast message now aren't async. so they are renamed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - The methods that broadcast message now aren't async. So they are renamed
```

>      - The methods that broadcast message now aren't async. So they are renamed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -  The broadcasting methods are no more `async`, so they are renamed
```

>        as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        as below.
```

>        - `Swarm.BroadcastBlocksAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastBlocks()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -  `Swarm.BroadcastBlocksAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastBlocks()`
```

>        - `Swarm.BroadcastTxsAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastTxs()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -  `Swarm.BroadcastTxsAsync()` → `Swarm.BroadcastTxs()`
```

>      - `Swarm` became to receive a `linger` on its constructor. the linger is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - `Swarm` became to receive a `linger` on its constructor. The linger is
```

>      - `Swarm` became to receive a `linger` on its constructor. The linger is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     -  `Swarm` constructor became to receive a `linger` (or `millisecondsLinger`)
```

>        used to determine how long to wait for a pending message when stopping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        parameter.  This purposes to determine how long to wait for pending messages
```

>        the swarm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        when a `Swarm` instance is requested to terminate.
```
